(a). For Anonimity and circumventing censorship among other use cases

(b). A node in the Tor network which acts as a proxy for traffic from the previous node in a circuit. 3 types 
      - Middle relay, Exit relay and Bridge relay

(c). 1. An adversary model that includes Tor relays, ASes and IXPs
     2. Metrics to estimate security from a user perspective
     3. A novel Tor path simulator (TorPS) 

(d). Traffic Correlation Attack. An adversory may watch and measure Tor traffic going into and out of the network 
     and correlating the information on both sides.

(e). The paper considers a passive end-to-end correlating adversory with a possibility for the adversory to add or
     remove resources - Bandwidth, Tor relays, Destination servers. Adversory may control one or serveral ASes or IXPs.

(f). A public directory which provides safe (non-leaky) information / statistics about the current deployment of the Tor 
     network - Relay bandwidths, Uptimes, Bridges, Exit or Guard flag info etc.,

(g). The process of picking random inputs from the domain of inputs and evaluating results on them, contrast to 
     evaluating over the entire domain of inputs - which may be too large, and drawing conclusions on the entire 
     domain from the small result space.

(h). A collection of IP networks and routers under the control of one entity.

(j). Tor uses Onion routing and bounces user's traffic over several nodes in the network before reaching the intended 
     destination. The intrensic routing of traffic over several hops ensures than no single node or path can be used to
     extract the complete information about which source is accessing which destination.

(n). In contrast to the relay model, client behavior which results in low diversity of client destinations is most likely 
     to result in a compromise. While there about 3000+ relays in the live Tor network, there are only a handful of ASes and 
     IXPs and thus a network adversary has a higher chance of being picked by a stream compared to relay adversary.
     
(q). 1. Use of long-lived ports bear a large security cost for their performance needs.
     2. BitTorrent is particularly unsafe as they often use ports which are most likely open only on adversary relays 
     3. BitTorrent is unsafe also because they open a large number of streams, increasing their probability of stream compromise 
        by Network adversaries.

(r). The most relevant properties of user activities are their number, duration, and destinations. The intend of various user models 
     used is to explore each of these parameters over a reasonable range: 
     1. very good and very bad ports.
     2. Most diverge destinations vs single destination etc.,
     These traces from different user models exposes how some popular applications behave according to these parameters. This provides 
     insight into how whole classes of activity are likely to act.

(s). Because the same relay cannot be chosen twice on a circuit, he must run at least two relays - one guard, one exit; in order 
     to perform a correlation attack. An adversary with resource-constraint must trade off between the likelihood of obtaining a 
     guard position and the volume of exit traffic seen. A 5:1 guard-to-exit ratio maximized the probability of compromising
     both sides. A higher bandwidth would mean a higher capacity and thus a higher chance that a user's stream may be routed over
     adversary's relay. i.e., Higher bandwidth could mean more powerful adversary. 

(t). They represent the probability over time - from first stream, to be routed over:
     2(a) - First compromised Guard and Exit
     2(b) - First compromised Guard
     2(c) - First compromised Exit
     The risk steadily increase with time. We see that the time it takes to choose a malicious guard 2(b), with a median of 
     50–60 days, dominates the time to choose a malicious exit 2(c), with a median of fewer than 2.5 days. 2(b), 2(c) represent
     individual probabilities while, 2(a) represents the probability of compromise.
     

